[Music]
[Music] when Ethel ayah the mother of Ahaz ayah
when Ethel ayah the mother of Ahaz ayah
when Ethel ayah the mother of Ahaz ayah saw that her son was dead she arose and
saw that her son was dead she arose and
saw that her son was dead she arose and destroyed all the royal heirs but jaha
destroyed all the royal heirs but jaha
destroyed all the royal heirs but jaha Shaba the daughter of King jodan sister
Shaba the daughter of King jodan sister
Shaba the daughter of King jodan sister of Ahaz I took Jewish the son of Ahaz
of Ahaz I took Jewish the son of Ahaz
of Ahaz I took Jewish the son of Ahaz Iyer and stole him away from among the
Iyer and stole him away from among the
Iyer and stole him away from among the king's sons who were being murdered and
king's sons who were being murdered and
king's sons who were being murdered and they hid him and his nurse in the
they hid him and his nurse in the
they hid him and his nurse in the bedroom from Ethel ayah so that he was
bedroom from Ethel ayah so that he was
bedroom from Ethel ayah so that he was not killed so he was hidden with her in
not killed so he was hidden with her in
not killed so he was hidden with her in the house of the Lord for six years
the house of the Lord for six years
the house of the Lord for six years while Ethel ayah reigned over the land
while Ethel ayah reigned over the land
while Ethel ayah reigned over the land in the seventh year jehoiada sent and
in the seventh year jehoiada sent and
in the seventh year jehoiada sent and brought the captains of hundreds of the
brought the captains of hundreds of the
brought the captains of hundreds of the bodyguards and the escorts and brought
bodyguards and the escorts and brought
bodyguards and the escorts and brought them into the house of the Lord to him
them into the house of the Lord to him
them into the house of the Lord to him and he made a covenant with them and
and he made a covenant with them and
and he made a covenant with them and took an oath from them in the house of
took an oath from them in the house of
took an oath from them in the house of the Lord and showed them the king's son
the Lord and showed them the king's son
the Lord and showed them the king's son and he commanded them this is what you
and he commanded them this is what you
and he commanded them this is what you shall do one third of you who come on
shall do one third of you who come on
shall do one third of you who come on duty on the Sabbath shall be keeping
duty on the Sabbath shall be keeping
duty on the Sabbath shall be keeping watch over the king's house one third
watch over the king's house one third
watch over the king's house one third shall be at the gate of sir and one
shall be at the gate of sir and one
shall be at the gate of sir and one third at the gate behind the escorts you
third at the gate behind the escorts you
third at the gate behind the escorts you shall keep the watch of the house lest
shall keep the watch of the house lest
shall keep the watch of the house lest it be broken down the two contingents of
it be broken down the two contingents of
it be broken down the two contingents of you who go off duty on the Sabbath shall
you who go off duty on the Sabbath shall
you who go off duty on the Sabbath shall keep the watch of the house of the Lord
keep the watch of the house of the Lord
keep the watch of the house of the Lord for the King but you shall surround the
for the King but you shall surround the
for the King but you shall surround the King on all sides every man with his
King on all sides every man with his
King on all sides every man with his weapons in his hand and whoever comes
weapons in his hand and whoever comes
weapons in his hand and whoever comes within range
within range
within range let him be put to death you are to be
let him be put to death you are to be
let him be put to death you are to be with the King as he goes out and as he
with the King as he goes out and as he
with the King as he goes out and as he comes in so the captains of the hundreds
comes in so the captains of the hundreds
comes in so the captains of the hundreds did according to all the jehoiada the
did according to all the jehoiada the
did according to all the jehoiada the priest commanded
priest commanded
priest commanded each of them took his men who were to be
each of them took his men who were to be
each of them took his men who were to be on duty on the Sabbath with those who
on duty on the Sabbath with those who
on duty on the Sabbath with those who were going off duty on the Sabbath and
were going off duty on the Sabbath and
were going off duty on the Sabbath and came to jehoiada the priest and the
came to jehoiada the priest and the
came to jehoiada the priest and the priest gave the captains of hundreds the
priest gave the captains of hundreds the
priest gave the captains of hundreds the spears and shields which had belonged to
spears and shields which had belonged to
spears and shields which had belonged to King David that were in the temple of
King David that were in the temple of
King David that were in the temple of the law then the escorts stood every man
the law then the escorts stood every man
the law then the escorts stood every man with his weapons in his hand all around
with his weapons in his hand all around
with his weapons in his hand all around the king from the right side of the
the king from the right side of the
the king from the right side of the temple to the left side of the temple by
temple to the left side of the temple by
temple to the left side of the temple by the altar and the house and he brought
the altar and the house and he brought
the altar and the house and he brought out the king's son put the crown on him
out the king's son put the crown on him
out the king's son put the crown on him and gave him the testimony they made him
and gave him the testimony they made him
and gave him the testimony they made him King and anointed him and they clapped
King and anointed him and they clapped
King and anointed him and they clapped their hands
now when Atalaya heard the noise of the
now when Atalaya heard the noise of the escorts and the people she came to the
escorts and the people she came to the
escorts and the people she came to the people in the temple of the Lord and she
people in the temple of the Lord and she
people in the temple of the Lord and she looked there was the King standing by a
looked there was the King standing by a
looked there was the King standing by a pillar according to customs and the
pillar according to customs and the
pillar according to customs and the leaders and the trumpeters were by the
leaders and the trumpeters were by the
leaders and the trumpeters were by the kingdom all the people of the land were
kingdom all the people of the land were
kingdom all the people of the land were rejoicing and blowing trumpets
rejoicing and blowing trumpets
rejoicing and blowing trumpets so Ethel I tore her clothes and cried
so Ethel I tore her clothes and cried
so Ethel I tore her clothes and cried out freezin treason and jehoiada the
out freezin treason and jehoiada the
out freezin treason and jehoiada the priest commanded the captains of the
priest commanded the captains of the
priest commanded the captains of the hundreds the officers of the army take
hundreds the officers of the army take
hundreds the officers of the army take her outside under God and slay with the
her outside under God and slay with the
her outside under God and slay with the sword whoever follows her for the
sword whoever follows her for the
sword whoever follows her for the priests have said do not let her be
priests have said do not let her be
priests have said do not let her be killed in the house of the Lord
killed in the house of the Lord
killed in the house of the Lord so they seized her and she went by way
so they seized her and she went by way
so they seized her and she went by way of the horses entrance into the king's
of the horses entrance into the king's
of the horses entrance into the king's house and there she was killed then
house and there she was killed then
house and there she was killed then jehoiada made a covenant between the
jehoiada made a covenant between the
jehoiada made a covenant between the Lord the king and the people that they
Lord the king and the people that they
Lord the king and the people that they should be the Lord's people and also
should be the Lord's people and also
should be the Lord's people and also between the king and the people and all
between the king and the people and all
between the king and the people and all the people of the land went to the
the people of the land went to the
the people of the land went to the temple of bail and tore it down they
temple of bail and tore it down they
temple of bail and tore it down they thoroughly broke in pieces its altars
thoroughly broke in pieces its altars
thoroughly broke in pieces its altars and images and killed natin the priests
and images and killed natin the priests
and images and killed natin the priests of bail before the altars and the
of bail before the altars and the
of bail before the altars and the priests appointed officers over the
priests appointed officers over the
priests appointed officers over the house of the Lord
house of the Lord
house of the Lord then he took the captains of hundreds
then he took the captains of hundreds
then he took the captains of hundreds the bodyguards the escorts and all the
the bodyguards the escorts and all the
the bodyguards the escorts and all the people of the land and they brought the
people of the land and they brought the
people of the land and they brought the king down from the house of the Lord and
king down from the house of the Lord and
king down from the house of the Lord and went by way of the gate of the escorts
went by way of the gate of the escorts
went by way of the gate of the escorts to the king's house then he sat on the
to the king's house then he sat on the
to the king's house then he sat on the throne of the Kings so all the people of
throne of the Kings so all the people of
throne of the Kings so all the people of the land rejoiced and the city was quiet
the land rejoiced and the city was quiet
the land rejoiced and the city was quiet for they had slain Etha liar with the
for they had slain Etha liar with the
for they had slain Etha liar with the sword in the king's house joash was
sword in the king's house joash was
sword in the king's house joash was seven years old when he became king
seven years old when he became king
seven years old when he became king [Music]